i
hernán if now we will listen to the anthem of
barcelona sporting club very well
Y
and
all right
i
and
Y
for me
do not
i
Y
to me
do not
because well
one
in the barcelona of guayaquil moment
emotive special moment the header that
is on our right almost covered him
I would say very much public with flags of
Barcelona
and again pass me greeting players
from espanyol
good they go well giving christie's
and something was going to contribute from below
good to wait for it to be delivered
the recognition to matías oyola we have
seen already here the shirt will have the
number 218 even though he has 223
matches the captain of barcelona
the executive of barcelona luis novo de
house but that they put a lópez
now ponce disputes ladies and gentlemen
are played in the monumental barcelona that
she gave birth to the toque for ryan german the
ball will be recovered to salva sevilla goes
when the ball to the left to
being a right-hander the ball is going to go
opening the center of Seville well
up the clearance not the bottom was
girl now here the sister against herself
comes quoted valencia does the road right
it comes tito valencia and now who
grabs but the first white white the
first long white is Paul before
idol because the archer covered the thus a
against magnificent one against the feet
of courage that started up marched
sixth direct put the against the pass
equally deep hispania final village
Juan Pablo Varsky to the scandal with the
final of the cup of the king barcelona
athletic bilbao the ball for felipe
caicedo revolution short navy sails
chicken
when leaving Barcelona they contract German
ismael white Bryan to put rhythm
bar and in German animal hits her from the
half of the whole well lopez armengol
good good archer the thread and in German
almost from 40 meters
plays well good return looks at the
first the first site was presented
from the center
everyone
barcelona did everything for the left
cancer and not at 16 minutes the second
time to river canary in river el
yellow set wins the barcelona 10
he did it for me washington to record
one but the merit of nazareno in touching
and spend not parking think about
just that German was going to return the
ball
and originates this the overflow maybe the
first occasion where lateral left-handed
of the yellow box reaches line of
background and strip that center deviates in the
I think it's not enough to see
debatable the action the reality is that
barcelona that had not had much
comfort on the left just there
find the goal that opens the score and
which momentarily it is giving you
sergio garcía and openings in the
right and touched the ball to lower that
it has low that hooks magas
penal criminal itinerary ladies and gentlemen
for the Spanish for me it is clearly criminal
for me clarito criminal yes gentlemen what
they knocked down the Spanish man there
final for the Catalan team I'm from
agreement with hernán what we fail so much
In Spanish, what you face is
the front that looks for the individual
the error of Nazarene puts his hand what
it crosses down it's true that it's a lack
so strong to have there
he ends up stumbling, he feels it
You stumbled, you do not intend
probably Nazarene must see out
the hand withdraws reality is that in
the first time that within the
Spanish tries to unbalance with a
individual resource gets it and will have
Sergio Garcia surely the chance of
score the draw charges the stadium
monumentally correct the man who in
last two leagues between the last two
Leagues scored 26 goals 2 in the penultimate
14 in the last to beat him sergio
García hand in hand with lance 27 we have
from this second time 10 wins Barcelona
for sergio garcia against spear
the criminal policy launches that will be
fun
even with the routine of the drug bar river
Ecuadorian set but without reaching
so much damián spear was never going for maybe
the floor well managed to steal the ball
rule in German the game is going gentlemen
Barcelona is staying with the cup
track sea ​​with its lords end in the
monumental of guayaquil end of the
encounter has won the club and now it
with the cup the American 1 with
where washington pira at 16 minutes
of the second time barcelona 1 Spanish
Swiss wins the South American Cup
our continent is left to see and
some way the monumental stadium is loaded
while you on the screen review
the goal with which barcelona is made
creditor to the first point
this america cup the director the
physical trainer then and obviously
also assistant teacher number
Israel
this is the farewell party and
finally as they wanted it I think not with
a win you want because that's what
that what we come to look for always and in
every moment and that is what corresponds to
Barcelona
we complete a full cycle of
sadness of bitterness satisfactions
of happiness of this barcelona
we thank all corporations
allowed as soon as we walk to
that is also part of the professional council
now it is seen for you as a body
technical good